this annoying planked opolis level lives
on I think this is part four already and
we're like a quarter way through level I
know what I'm doing now though I didn't
know that those things don't I hope they
collapse instantly I'd like the
platforms in get up like those platforms
in battle for bikini bond
Oh probably two seconds on
these can't start off that way
I stay on
go
there you go
I'm assuming this of event goes the
check oh it's going up and down there is
no getting around that
you just have to take a hit and you keep
going up he's gonna fire me
I don't know where you respawn if you
die they will find out oh I don't know
where I am am I already past all that
hard stuff I think it actually put me a
little forward sweep
I well I just die die and maybe I'll be
responding back
see if it puts me back where I was yes
okay see fire month oh now whoa that was
cheap who's laughing now
yes the platform gave out too soon in
our last level and advice theme
I'm looking here for
oh this is easy
let's get out of here please nothing
hard please just a platform please thank
you it wasn't thank you
check point but i think i remember this
part being hard to I don't really begin
great yeah this parts hard to their
lasers that was a good start
communications with some past in my
opinion the heart of one of the level
whats after this that's easy and then
there's just two more levels after yes
I'm not really far away from finishing
do I feel it can I physically punch it
I don't know how to hit it like if I
bubble bought many English comedy this
monster
ok
why the music that I hate so much crap
BAM
gosh darn it you're kidding me I know
what to do to am way back unbelievable
this is a hard level I'm telling you
spend some time and get yourself set it
makes a lot like this
okay yeah
this isn't that hard that one goes first
don't waste your time on it because
there's a you won't get it then wait for
me come close and jump I hit this one
now you gotta wait patience here it
shakes yes all right
oh I can't sleep all right i'm gonna
make this the end